c24 translation update (#133)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c24/25/61/translation.txt

「もう、やめてください♡　あの頃の私はまだ、前の私を引きずっていましたから……」=“Jeez, stop it♡ The me from back then was still being pulled along by my past, you see...”
「私って、あなたと付き合うまでは自分に自信がなくて、毎日不安に怯えていて……妄想に引きこもるだけの人形みたいな子でした」=“Before I met you, I had no confidence in myself, and would spend everyday crippled with anxiety... I was like a puppet, spending all day shut within my fantasies.”
「そうだったんだね……」=“You were, huh...”

> 「でも、もうそんな私は過去の存在なんです……だって、あなたが救い出してくれましたから♡」=“But, that's in the past... afterall, you rescued me from that hell♡”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「でも、もうそんな私は過去の存在なんです……だって、あなたが救い出してくれましたから♡」=“But, that's in the past... after all, you rescued me from that hell♡”
```
